Sections (organizing content), with different subsections (decks, tags, flags, marks) (#82)
ankitects/anki-manual: src/addons.md

To browse the list of available add-ons, select the Tools>Add-ons
menu item, then click on Get Add-ons.

If you have downloaded an add-on that is not working properly, or if you
accidentally made a mistake when editing an add-on, you can use the
"Delete" option in the menu to remove it.

Add-ons use and modify arbitrary parts of Anki’s codebase, so in some
cases, updating Anki can break the compatibility with older add-ons. If 
one of your add-ons stops working after updating Anki, please consider
reporting the issue to the add-on author. If you rely on this add-on,

> consider to keep using an older Anki version until the add-on gets 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you will need to keep using an older Anki version until the add-on gets 
```

an update. 

Many add-on authors include their email address in the add-on, so if you
need to get in touch with the author, editing the add-on and looking at
the top of the file (or clicking on the "Contact Author" button on 

> Ankiweb, if available) may help.

Reviewer: I recommend mentioning the "contact author" button on AnkiWeb first
